SymDB: Component / Remote / Uploader integration (#5717)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

- Relative path: For example, for a program running in the `app` directory, use `./lib/mypackage/main.rb` to instrument the `main.rb` file, or`./lib/mypackage/` to instrument every Ruby file in that folder.

### Dynamic Instrumentation

Dynamic Instrumentation allows you to add log probes, metric probes, and span probes to running applications without restarts or redeployments. For setup instructions, see [Dynamic Instrumentation](DynamicInstrumentation.md).

#### Configuration

| Environment variable | Type | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|---|
| `DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED` | `Boolean` | Enable or disable Dynamic Instrumentation. | `false` |
| `DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_REDACTED_IDENTIFIERS` | `Array` | Comma-separated list of variable/key names to redact in addition to the built-in list. Names are normalized (underscores, dashes, `@`, `$` removed) and matched case-insensitively. | `[]` |
| `DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_REDACTION_EXCLUDED_IDENTIFIERS` | `Array` | Comma-separated list of variable/key names to exclude from the built-in redaction list, allowing their values to be captured. | `[]` |

> | `DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_REDACTED_TYPES` | `Array` | Comma-separated list of class names whose values will be redacted. Suffix with `*` for wildcard matching (e.g. `Foo*` redacts `Foo`, `FooBar`, `Foo::Bar`). | `[]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_REDACTED_TYPES` | `Array` | Comma-separated list of class names whose values will be redacted. Suffix with `*` for wildcard matching (for example, `Foo*` redacts `Foo`, `FooBar`, `Foo::Bar`). | `[]` |
```

Author: Thanks — applied verbatim in 1f95b81d0f.

Alternatively, set DI parameters inside a `Datadog.configure` block:

| Setting | Type | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|---|
| `c.dynamic_instrumentation.enabled` | `Boolean` | Enable or disable Dynamic Instrumentation. | `false` |
| `c.dynamic_instrumentation.redacted_identifiers` | `Array` | Variable/key names to redact in addition to the built-in list. | `[]` |
| `c.dynamic_instrumentation.redaction_excluded_identifiers` | `Array` | Variable/key names to exclude from the built-in redaction list. | `[]` |
| `c.dynamic_instrumentation.redacted_type_names` | `Array` | Class names whose values will be redacted. Suffix with `*` for wildcard. | `[]` |

#### Symbol Database

> When Dynamic Instrumentation is enabled, the tracer can extract and upload symbol information (class names, method signatures, parameter names) from your application to enable auto-completion in the DI UI. Symbol Database upload is enabled by default and activates automatically via Remote Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Dynamic Instrumentation is enabled, the tracer can extract and upload symbol information (class names, method signatures, parameter names) from your application to enable auto-completion in the DI UI. Symbol Database upload is enabled by default and activates automatically using Remote Configuration.
```

Author: Good call — applied in 1f95b81d0f.
